Inheritance

WAP to demonstrate all types of inheritance.

ii.
Create a class student which stores name, roll number and age of a student. Derive a class

test from student class, which stores marks in 5 subjects. Input and display the details of

a student.

iii.
Extend the program ii. to derive a class from result from classs ‘test’ which includes

member function to calculate total marks and percentage of a student. Input the data for a

student and display its total marks and percentage.

iv.
Extend the program ii. to include a class sports, which stores the marks in sports activity.

Derive the result class from the classes ‘test’ and ‘sports’. Calculate the total marks and

percentage of a student.

v.
Create a class ‘shape’. Derive three classes from it: Circle, Triangle and Rectangle.

Include the relevant data members and functions in all the classes. Find the area of each

shape and display it.

vi.
Create a class which stores employee name,id and salary Derive two classes from

‘Employee’ class: ‘Regular’ and ‘Part-Time’. The ‘Regular’ class stores DA, HRA and

basic salary. The ‘Part-Time’ class stores the number of hours and pay per hour.

Calculate the salary of a regular employee and a par-time employee.

vii.
Create a class which stores account number, customer name and balance. Derive two

classes from ‘Account’ class: ‘Savings’ and ‘Current’. The ‘Savings’ class stores

minimum balance. The ‘Current’ class stores the over-due amount. Include member

functions in the appropriate class for

-deposit money

-withdraw [For saving account minimum balance should be checked.]

[For current account overdue amount should be calculated.]

-display balance

Constructor in inheritance


.
WAP to demonstrate the order of call of constructors and destructors in case of multiple

inheritance.

ii.
WAP to demonstrate the order of call of constructors and destructors in case of multi 
level inheritance.

iii.
WAP to demonstrate the order of call of constructors and destructors in case of virtual

base class .

iv.
Extend the program ii. of inheritance to include a class sports, which stores the marks in

sports activity. Derive the result class from the classes ‘test’ and ‘sports’. Create objects

using parameterized constructors .Calculate the total marks and percentage of a student.

v.
Rewrite the assignment vii. From Inheritance including the parameterized constructors in

all the classes